I just don't get it.
Kevin knows we're in the great tribulation.
Why would he say he doesn't want anything to do with us anymore?
Darren, I thought you had heard by now.
I heard what?
When our message changed from good news to judgment,
he was telling everyone that it would make problems for us
and that he was done.
I can't believe it.
Darren, think about it.
We have all tried to help Kevin.
Yeah, I remember.
Think back to Sunday afternoons when we preached
in the Northern Estates.
We asked if he wanted to go.
Did he give us a say?
Well, we're going to the Northern Estates and then,
Hey, Kevin, do you want to join us?
He said he had a weekend shift.
Again, but that the people there have their paradise
and they don't listen anyway.
The cars are weird.
And when we do public witnessing, hey, Kevin,
we've been having great experiences out there at Turner Street.
Yeah, that sounds nice.
Yeah, that's by your job.
Do you get to talk to your co-workers about it?
He said it wasn't a good idea to make waves out of the store.
For as much as we've all tried to help Kevin,
he let his fear of man go unresolved.
Proverbs says,
Trambling at men is a snare.
If Kevin couldn't preach with boldness during favorable times,
imagine how much harder it was for him
to clearly rely on Jehovah during this difficult time.
Yeah, now, during the Great Tribulation.
What is going on out there?
They're just north of town searching every house.
Every house?
Yeah, the neighbor has an panic.
Let's stay calm and lean on Jehovah.
At some point, we can expect the final attack on God's people.
But Jehovah is going to give us the courage we need.
So let's pray together.
We'll read the scriptures
and we'll keep sharing what's helped us remain loyal to God.